[Music]
how to get a boy to love you there's no
magic pill that can make somebody fall
in love with you
bummer I know you just can't control how
someone feels about you but there are
some things you can do to significantly
increase your chances of attracting the
boy like you ready to find out how you
can do just that then keep on watching
but before you start working your magic
on your crush hit that subscribe button
first to join the bright side of life
while you're at it
ring the notification bell so that
you'll always be the first to see all of
our new videos 1 start with yourself the
journey to love starts with yourself so
here are several things you need to take
care of first and foremost take care of
yourself
we've fall in love with who a person is
on the inside but it's their outside
that initially grabs our attention right
so taking care of your appearance is a
great first step to attract the boy you
like and it's not just all about him
either taking care of yourself will also
boost your own self-confidence it's not
like you need to do anything drastic or
change the way you look entirely be
yourself but also keep these simple tips
in mind first and foremost pay attention
to your personal hygiene make sure your
nails hair and clothes are neat and
clean
oh and can't forget your oral hygiene
either fresh breath is much more
kissable the best clothes are the ones
you personally feel comfortable in if
you can rock tight jeans or a short
skirt with confidence go for it but if
these sorts of garments make you feel
uncomfortable or self-conscious trust me
it'll show so instead of looking
breathtaking you seem awkward or unlike
your true self don't go overboard with
makeup you don't want to be wearing a
mask that completely changes the way you
look instead use makeup to highlight
your best features and if you don't like
make
no problem according to surveys most men
prefer natural beauty appreciate the
good in your life who would you rather
have a conversation with a debbie downer
that constantly complaints about their
schoolwork teachers friends and so on or
someone who gets excited talking about
their interests hobbies and goals
exactly of course we all want to blow
off a little steam every now and then
and complain about stuff that annoys us
but try to stay away from those topics
if you're trying to get your crush to
fall in love with you but what if all
you can think about is that guy that cut
you off in traffic today or that teacher
who seemed to have a personal grudge
against you it's okay it happens but
there is a simple little trick that
helps every time something that spoils
your mood pops up in your head think
about five other positive things that
way you'll remember that your life is
much happier than you realize that being
said you don't have to pretend to be
happy when you aren't we all have bad
days and Bluff moods just don't make a
habit of constantly complaining about it
and try to look on the bright side
love and accept yourself you know the
old saying nobody can love you if you
don't love yourself first it's totally
true
a good way to start loving yourself is
to figure out your strengths and use
them to your advantage
write down five or more things that
you're good at and show them off at any
opportunity if you dance like a pro or
if you are one make the boy you like
notice it don't forget about your flaws
either after all nobody's perfect write
down at least four of them when you
admit that you have some weaknesses
you'll know what you can work on a
little bit more work on your self-esteem
if you're taking care of your appearance
it have begun to appreciate your
personality your self-esteem will grow
fast also make sure that you don't rush
when you talk speak clearly
posture is key too when you sit and
stand up straight you instantly feel
more confident in yourself any guy will
tell you that there's nothing more
attractive than a self-assured girl to
get the attention of the boy you like
all right you've worked on yourself now
it's time to get his attention try to be
fun and outgoing fun people are like
magnets so if your crush sees you
animatedly chatting and giggling with
your friends this will definitely get
his attention in his eyes you'll look
like somebody he can have a good time
with and share lots of laughs and funny
stories if you're perhaps a little more
introverted really try to put yourself
out there I know
easier said than done but a good way to
start is by signing up for classes or
clubs that suit your interests you'll
make true friends there with whom you
can talk and laugh and show your bubbly
side and if you meet a boy there well
that's an added bonus pay attention to
your body language even before you pluck
up the courage to talk to the boy you're
dreaming about your body language can
already make you special in his eyes
here's how you can get boys interested
with just a few subtle moves make eye
contact your crush might not even know
you've got your eye on him if you don't
well let him see this that doesn't mean
you should stare of course just let your
glances meet smile and then look away
his heart will flutter immediately keep
your body language open what this
basically means is avoid crossing your
limbs crossed arms and legs send a
subconscious signal that you're closed
distant and uninterested and that's
definitely not the message you want to
send the boy you like
tilt your head when talking to people
especially him this is the perfect
gesture to show that you're interested
and listening a gang good posture shows
self-confidence so keep that in mind
don't be afraid to flirt now here is
where things get fun if you've worked on
your confidence and you're ready to put
it to use flirting is a surefire way to
get your crushes attention the first
thing you may want to try is a slow
smile make eye contact with a boy of
your dream let a smile slowly spread
across your face and shyly look down
trust me he won't stand a chance of
resisting your charm if that's not
really your style then try some light
banter if he says something witty answer
with something equally funny this way
he'll understand that you're having a
good time talking to him don't be afraid
to tease him a little to keep it light
though nothing too personal or
potentially offensive of course if
you're getting good signals from him and
you feel confident enough to go for it
trying him on the arm or shoulder a lot
of boys consider soft touches incredibly
cute and totally irresistible
[Music]
three keep him interested show that
you're interested in his life interest
isn't a one-way street to keep him
interested in you show your crush that
you're interested in him ask him
questions about his childhood family and
personal interests if there is some
topic that's particularly important to
him talk about it this is a nice way to
show that you respect the things he
cares about ask for his opinion on
different subjects that way he'll
understand that his point of view
matters to you open up going off that
last note don't be afraid to open up to
him yourself
he wants to get to know you just as much
as you want to know more about him tell
him about your hobbies interests and
things that are important to you talk
about your plans fears or dreams who
knows perhaps you'll find that you two
have a lot in common
remember to compliment him everybody
likes to be complimented and your crush
is no different if the shirt he's
wearing today really makes his eyes pop
let him know
congratulate him for a job well done if
he's passed a really tough exam of
course your compliments should come from
a sincere place only tell him nice
things when you really mean it and not
just because you think it'll make him
like you more be realistic if you've
gotten to know each other really well
and you've made it obvious that you're
into him then an exclusive relationship
should ensue if for some reason he
hasn't asked you out yet
maybe he hasn't quite gotten all these
signals you're throwing his way or
perhaps he's just shy don't be afraid to
make the first move
tell him you're interested in being more
than just friends if he agrees awesome
you're now official
but if he's sending you mixed signals or
he's flirting with other girls then he's
probably just not into you that way and
that's okay you can simply move on for
what to do after you've started a
relationship let's say things go well
and you're officially dating now what
don't let the flame die try to avoid
mundane routine pick a new common hobby
that you can do together go to new
places try new restaurants get out of
the house and leave your comfort zone
together this will make you to closer
and your relationship will stay fresh
keep your independence on the other hand
don't give in to the temptation to spend
every single second with your new catch
keep your independence and your own life
hang out with your friends keep doing
the sports you love don't give up in
your hobbies or simply spend some
quality time with yourself alone when
you need to and if he expects you to
give up your whole life just to be with
him and that's a major red flag of a
controlling partner either tell him that
that sort of thing won't fly or do
yourself a favor and end the
relationship now
speaking of which five know when to call
it quits whether it's because you've
fallen out of love or you realize that
is not quite the guy you thought he was
if things aren't working out between the
two of you sit down and have a serious
and sincere talk sometimes it's better
to cut things off than to let a bad
relationship torture you any longer do
you have any other tips on how to get a
guy's attention and make him fall in
love with you tell us in the comments
below remember to hit that like button
if you want to see more videos like this
one and subscribe to the bright side of
life good luck out there in the dating
world and we'll see you next time next
you